                                   PIC CODE
                                   ========

Microchip PIC Assembler functions

                    ========================================

Code Description
----------------

What I have written is intended to be easy to read with comments, ASCII art
diagrams of waveforms and instruction counts.  I wanted something that would be
easy to understand when I re-read it again months later.  This also means that
it is split across a number of include files.  It is written to be easy to use
which means that it isn't as fast as it could be in some places.  Most of the
code is not written with particular regard to optimising speed or reducing code
size.  Where one is preferred over the other it is normally speed that beats
instruction count.  Minimising the number of temporary variables is important
too though.

I have avoided the use of interrupts as well which means for example that the
RS232 code waits for incoming data and doesn't use an interrupt to start
capturing it.  There are also no macros so that everything is implemented as
functions.  The configuration of the options (like pins to use, PIC device
clock, baud rate) are controlled by constants that need to be defined before the
file is included.

                    ========================================

Copyright
---------

These assembler functions are copyrighted by me - Andrew M. Bishop. They are not
public domain which would allow you to do anything that you like with them. You
can copy them only if you follow the terms of the license which I have applied
to them.

License
-------

This software is covered by the Gnu General Public License (Version 2). The full
text of the GPL v2 as applied to this software is available in the file called
COPYING that is available in this directory.

Warranty
--------

THERE IS NO WARRANTY WITH THIS SOFTWARE.

This is only software, it cannot check the electrical connections to the PIC
device or the properties of the components that you connect to it.  Using this
software is not a substitute for knowing what you are doing electrically.

These functions all worked for me on the PIC devices that I used when I wrote
them.  They may not work for you because you use a different compiler, or a
different PIC device, or a different clock speed.

                    ========================================

Original Source: http://www.gedanken.demon.co.uk/amb-pic-code/

Andrew M. Bishop - May 2008.
